promql: add tmin,tmax,tlast_over_time (#16722)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/functions.md

* `mad_over_time(range-vector)`: the median absolute deviation of all float
  samples in the specified interval.

> * `tmin_over_time(range-vector)`: the unix timestamp of minimum value of its
>   argument. If there are multiple, the timestamp of the last occurance is the
>   result.

Reviewer: We generally capitalize Unix. However, in the context of PromQL, the timestamp is a sufficiently clear concept already. I would leave out the "Unix" (cf. documentation of `timestamp`).

With same other word smithing, I would propose:

```suggestion
* `tmin_over_time(range-vector)`: the timestamp of the last float sample that has the minimum value of all float samples in the specified interval.
```

(And similar changes for the others.)

Author: :accept:
